---
layout: post
title:  "Take This"
summary: "Advocacy, Acceptance, And Finding One's People"
author: tello-
date: '2023-09-01 00:00:00 -0700'
category: life
thumbnail: /assets/img/office.png
keywords: adhd adhd-advocate riot-games take-this
permalink: /blog/take-this
usemathjax: true
---

<blockquote style="background-color: #f7f7f7; border-left: 5px solid #3498db; padding: 10px; margin: 10px 0;">
    <p>This blog post adapted from a LinkedIn post</p>
</blockquote>

---

<p>Did you know that Riot Games partners with the non-profit mental health foundation Take This? I didn't either!</p>

<p>(edit: forgot to link <a href="https://www.takethis.org/">Take This</a>)</p>

<p>When I started searching for studios to intern with, I already had a few in mind. However, I questioned whether I was being overly optimistic in applying due to my ADHD-C.</p>

<p>I've been open about my disability for years, both in classes and online, hoping to create a space for others to share their experiences. It's a significant part of our identity as individuals with ADHD. For me, concealing this aspect felt like wearing a heavy mask.</p>

<p>Sharing my concerns here on LinkedIn, I sought insights from those familiar with the industry. I wanted to avoid a situation where I'd end up feeling like a failure.</p>

<p>A pivotal moment came when a Rioter, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeff-poss/">Jeff Poss</a>, responded reassuringly. He emphasized that neurodivergence is common and many find success in gaming.</p>


<p>This spurred me to push the gas. In the weeks since, I've discovered the video game industry is an inclusive, diverse community. Individuals like <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/amirsatvat/">Amir Satvat</a> embody kindness and dedication.</p>


<p>I'm realizing the game industry could be where I finally find my people.</p>

<p>Optimism grew as I researched internships. Riot's commitment to inclusivity through Riot Inclusion Groups and partnership with Take This, focused on mental health advocacy, stood out.</p>

<p>I aspire to amplify ADHD advocacy and see opportunities through Take This and RIGs.</p>

<p>Stigmas are potent, affecting those with stigmatized disabilities. Even I fell victim to self-doubt. Believing that I might not belong in this industry almost held me back.</p>

<p>Now I'm brimming with enthusiasm to be a part of the video game industry. I'm excited to submit applications and join this incredible family.</p>

<p>Thank you all for making someone like me with ADHD feel seen and welcome!</p>

<p>- Josh ✌</p>
